Value Management Process for Net-Flix
Stages of value management process for business
	The value management process is based on 3 pillars:
1.	Selling – it encompasses its sophisticated monetization and subscription strategies.
2.	Servicing – it refers to operational and technological excellence that ensures a seamless user experience.
3.	Communicating – it involves its multifaceted, data driven marketing and content promotion efforts.
Understanding Value 
Their compelling value to customers
1.	Personalized content experience
It uses advanced AI driven algorithms to analyse viewing habits, ratings, and behavioural data to deliver personalized content and recommendations.
2.	Vast and diverse content library
It offers massive and ever-expanding library of different types of content (web series, movies, documentaries etc).
3.	Global accessibility and convenience
It is available in 190+ countries with multi device compatibility and convenience of watching latest shows at comfort of home.
4.	Affordable tier-based subscription plans
It offers 3 categories of subscription plans to watch contents and ad-based content for free users, that way It satisfies different viewers need.
5.	It also offers inhouse production of content as demanded by its customers that is a good value addition and it also reduces it’s dependency on providers.

“Unusual” hidden features in their solutions which are reinforcing their compelling value
	Secret category code for niche content
		Along with broad viewing content for all, Netflix allow users to deep dive into nice content tailored to their unique taste that gives user feel of exclusivity and excitement.
		It offers some interactive contents like Black mirror where the narrative can be changed based on viewers choice, it transform a passive viewing into engaging active content.
		It also offers game libraries, so along with movies and shows, it’s a huge value addition in comparison to other providers.
		Download for you is a smart feature, which automatically downloads contents based on your viewing experience.
		Profile transfer , if we change our account for any reason, we can transfer all the contents and watched history to other accounts, it adds to perceived value for users.
	
Resources
Media and Entertainment Industry in India, Indian Media Industry
Netflix Goes to Bollywood (docm) - CliffsNotes
Hidden Netflix Features You Never Knew Existed - 9meters
12 Hidden Netflix Features You Probably Didn't Know About
https://www.tomsguide.com/entertainment/netflix/5-best-netflix-features-youre-not-using-but-really-should-be
10 Netflix tips and tricks: From hidden menus to secret features, here’s how to get the most from your subscription | How-to
Netflix Secrets: Hidden Stories and Outlandish Facts Reveal the Behind the Scenes of Success | ABITA LLC&MARKETING JAPAN
LinkedIn
What The Rise Of Netflix's Original Content Can Teach Leaders About Diversity
Decoded: Secrets Behind Netflix Brand Positioning Strategy | CIO Women Magazine
Inside Netflix: Innovation, Originals, and Cultural Phenomena
[CASE STUDY] Netflix's AI Personalization Strategy Saves $1 Billion Yearly in Customer Retention
How Netflix Stands Out from the Rest
https://cotera.co/blog/from-browsing-to-bingeing-a-customer-journey-fueled-by-netflixs-value-proposition
Netflix's Bold Content Strategy: A Unique Risk?
Netflix's Impact on Indian Entertainment: A USD 2 Billion Economic Boost and Beyond | Uday India
OTT Market Share in India: Infographics on Top Platforms - Graphaize
OTT revenue in India is projected to reach $3.5 billion by 2029: PwC

